All right, continuing this
exact same thing that okay,
we do have the steps.
Can we convert these steps
into Python program?
Not really the perfect Python
program, but somewhat little bit
like that so that I get an idea what
it's like to code in the Python.
So I will go into the code
editor, this is how it looks like
and I literally have just drag
and dropped a folder to it.
A super easy work on that.
So I'll even show
you what I did here.
So let me just show you.
I do have a couple of other
stuff as well going on,
but let me just show you.
So I opened the program and once
I opened this up, or I can actually
go ahead and show you again.
Fresh.
So this is how it freshly looks
like when you open this up.
This is VS code.
I have installed a couple of themes.
I will walk you through as well.
But I have just literally
created empty folder on my English
subfolder there.
Python udemy is where we are going
to write all of our code.
I'll just drag and drop up here.
So that's all I did here.
Now once I go ahead and open this up,
first of all the theme
that I use because a lot of
people love it and I'm super proud
of it that I created this.
So you can go up here and search
for a chai theme.
It actually comes up very top.
So chai theme.
I love chai.
I love T.
So go ahead and use it.
I use a dark color of it.
The code looks absolutely
beautiful in this.
So that's why I go ahead and use it.
You can also install this,
it will look absolutely good
on your screen as well.
And we do have a couple
of Python extension as well.
If you just go ahead and search
for Python you will find other
instructions, other extensions which
will make your life a little easier.
For example, you just have
this Python install it.
It will give you the color
codes and type hinting.
You can also install Pylance as well.
Again color code, type hinting.
They will help you to write the code.
You don't have to type
everything manually.
They literally helps you out in that.
Now in this we can click
up here at the top to create
a folder and create a file.
We'll create a folder because
we want to mimic this.
So this is not going
to be original code.
Let's call this one as 00 and we'll
use an underscore and we're going
to call this one as Python.
So this is my chapter 00 inside
this I'll create a new file
and we're going to call this
one as non Python code because
it's not really a Python code
but, but the extension is
important.
We're going to call this as PY so
that we get a feel of what it's like
to code in the Python itself.
Now don't worry, I will walk
you through with installation
and everything of it.
And in fact let me write this.
This whole part is just
to get an experience.
You don't have to write the code
or even follow along with me.
So I will just say do not follow or
probably I'll say just experience.
Just experience it.
It's really hard to type in.
To type and talk at the same time.
But go ahead and just
experience this part.
You don't have to write any
code, even if it's actually
not a real code itself.
It's not going to work.
But I just wanted to have
explanation or brief overview.
So just like we have
actually extracted the things
into a separate box.
This box in the world
of programming known as function.
And yeah, function means I will just
wrap the things, whatever
my instruction is, into a box.
So literally function is a box.
So this is how you create your box.
So we'll call our box as makechai.
Pretty good.
And we use a syntax of these
parenthesis, then a simple column.
This is syntax.
You don't have to even remember that.
Eventually you will just learn them.
Then I hit enter and I see that I
do have four spaces automatically.
This is Python.
Python works on indentation.
If you go ahead and remove
this, this is bad.
Your code is not going to work.
We will learn about these
details later on.
But you should give indentation.
And it's usually not
recommended as tab, it's
recommended as four spaces.
So 1, 2, 3, 4.
I will walk you through why it
is four spaces, not the tab.
And internally tab also
gives you four spaces.
But we'll talk about it later.
Then we go ahead and simply
say not if not.
And yeah, it's a little bit
weird, but you'll understand that
kettle has water.
And then I simply go ahead and put
the same parenthesis colon
and we simply say fill cattle.
There we go.
Can you understand
this piece of code?
And I'm pretty sure you can.
It's saying if not kettle has water.
So it's probably saying that if
cattle doesn't have the water,
go ahead and fill it with the water.
And yes, if you can understand
this part, yeah, this is it.
That's how we actually go
ahead and write our program.
Let's go ahead and move on further.
So Katl part is done.
Then let's go ahead and ask somebody
to say that plug in kettle so
that they can actually plug in.
So we'll just go ahead
and say plug in the cattle.
That's another function that
means somebody will do it.
There's more instruction how
to do it, like pull up the cord,
move nearby, switch, plug it.
Like there are more instructions,
but let's just call this,
this is again a function.
Then this will help you
to actually, boil water.
There we go.
Write another function for it.
And we're going to say if not,
let's just say is cup clean?
So what should I do if
the cup is not clean?
You might be saying,
hey, just wash the cup.
Probably yes.
Or pick another cup.
It could also be correct.
After that we simply go
ahead and say add to cup.
What do you want to add to the cup?
Now probably, we'll see T leaves.
Yes.
And let's go ahead.
And what else do you want to add?
Maybe sugar.
So let's use the same method because
we are adding to the cup itself.
Then we probably want to pour it.
So let's just go ahead and say
there's a pouring, method
which says that, hey,
where do you want to pour?
We want to pour it into a pour.
What to pour?
Probably let's just say boiled water.
Maybe just like that.
Then probably you want to stir.
Where do you want to stir?
Maybe cup.
Oops, cup.
And then we simply want
to say serve, chai.
And there we go.
And function in the world
of Python also needs to be called.
So we'll just move a little
bit there and we'll just
call this as make chai.
And there we go, we
call the function.
So although you probably didn't
understand how to write this,
but if you can understand, okay,
I get like 60% of it or even 30%
of it, that how this is.
Eventually our Python code
will look exactly like this.
And this, believe it or not,
is Python programming.
That is why everybody says that
it is super easy to learn.
If you can read English, you can
definitely read Python code.
And this is actually
a legit Python code.
We have used so much of
the functionality already into it.
Now surely it's not an accurate code.
I would 100% say that, but it's
fairly understandable.
And that's the whole point of
the Python that anybody can learn it
as long as you know how to read it.
Like, if not, kettle has water.
So probably it's saying, if kettle
doesn't have it, we'll fill this.
So based on condition, we have
learned so much conditions
and functions and whatnot, even
methods and strings and whatnot.
But the whole point is that you
understand this piece of code and we
have converted this whole thing,
probably not line by line, but a lot
of it, into this piece of code.
And that's exactly what we'll be
doing throughout the course.
We'll design the diagrams like this.
Hey, these are my steps.
And now let's convert
these steps into the code.
That is whole programming experience.
So I hope now you understand
that what it is like to experience
in writing the Python code,
it has a lot more.
We will definitely explore
that part, but at least this
gives you a little bit.
Probably 20% would be good.
20% confidence that, yes,
you can also write it.
As long as you got
this, that is okay.
That's all I want.
So let's go ahead and move on
to the next video where we are
going to discuss more
on the Pythonic stuff of the things.
Let's move into the next video.